Add Hive MQ templates (#562)
quixio/quix-samples: python/sources/hivemq/README.md

# Hive MQ

> [This code sample](https://github.com/quixio/quix-samples/tree/main/python/sources/hivemq) demonstrates how to consume data from a Hive MQ broker and publish that data to a Kafka topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[This code sample](https://github.com/quixio/quix-samples/tree/main/python/sources/hivemq) demonstrates how to consume data from a HiveMQ broker's MQTT topic and publish that data to a Kafka topic.
```

## How to run

> Create a [Quix](https://portal.platform.quix.io/signup?xlink=github) account or log-in and visit the Samples to use this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a [Quix](https://portal.platform.quix.io/signup?xlink=github) account or log in and visit the Connectors to use this project.
```

> Clicking `Deploy` on the Sample, deploys a pre-built container in Quix. Complete the environment variables to configure the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking `Deploy` on the connector, deploys a pre-built container in Quix. Complete the environment variables to configure the container.
```

> Clicking `Edit code` on the Sample, forks the project to your own Git repo so you can customize it before deploying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking `Customise connector` forks the project to your own Git repo so you can customise it before deploying.
```

## Environment Variables

The code sample uses the following environment variables:

- **output**: Name of the output topic to publish to.
- **mqtt_topic**: The MQTT topic to listen to. Can use wildcards e.g. MyTopic/#
- **mqtt_server**: The address of your MQTT server.
- **mqtt_port**: The port of your MQTT server.
- **mqtt_username**: Username of your MQTT user.
- **mqtt_password**: Password for the MQTT user.

## Requirements / Prerequisites

> You'll need to have a MQTT broker either locally or in the cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to have a HiveMQ broker running either locally or in the cloud
```
